Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Heaven. I'm in heaven
we're late.
We can't be late.
I'll be glad when this damn
anniversary is over and done.
Bullpucky.
Excuse me?
You love showing off your little town.
Like a boy with his train set.
You know me too well.
- What's wrong?
- It's nothing.
Show me.
The wound should have healed by now.
Mother's blood isn't working. It…
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
What's with the waterworks?
We've weathered worse.
What if mother dies?
Never gonna happen.
Our new doctor. he's
gonna make her right as rain.
We should have killed his little friends.
Whole cul-de-sac dying all at once?
That raises a few too many questions.
We are gonna do what
we've always done.
Be patient.
Pick 'em off one by one?
Nobody will care. They
never have. They never will.
And when the dust
settles. it'll be you and me.
Forever.
You have to get me out of here.
He's finally up.
- What?
- Digging the new digs?
This actually used to
be Edward's old room.
Ironic. right?
How long have I been out?
Three days. give or take.
We had to sedate you.
For your own good. of course.
You can't keep me here.
Sure. we can. Sammy. Your
daughter signed the papers.
Honestly.
I think she was relieved to be rid of you.
Okay…
Easy there. cowboy.
My head… there's
bound to be side effects
when you drain somebody
of a pint or six of brain fluid.
What did you do to me?
No.
It wasn't me.
It was Blaine.
You broke the deal. Sammy.
He brought in a couple of kids.
and they tapped your brain
like a keg on spring break.
I'm gonna get out of here.
But then you'll miss all the fun.
Today is the 75th anniversary.
and we're celebrating with real cake
and real punch in our town square.
Fuck you!
Careful. Sammy.
There's a lot of hungry kids out there.
Make sure to warm up
that sweet baritone of yours.
We got karaoke.
Howdy. gents. I'm here to relieve you.
They need you on
traffic duty in town square.
- Nobody buzzed us.
- Of course not.
With all the visitors.
everyone is running around like
chickens with their heads cut off.
That sounds about right.
You know why they got us keeping
eyes on a bunch of blue hairs?
Maybe they're the ones
throwing orgies in the rec center.
At least someone's having fun. right?
Right.
- Your chariot. my lady.
- Thank you.
So far so good.
Now. who wants to show some leg?
Me first.
Don't these have alarms?
I shut the system off at the source.
but it's only a matter of
time until someone notices.
Better get to it.
Coffee?
Thank you.
Careful. it's very hot.
Imaging results are in.
And?
No change in cell degeneration
god damn it.
- Maybe it's because of mother's diet.
- How so?
You stuffed her so
full of human brain fluid
that she's starting to look like one of us.
Well. we are what we eat.
You know what you have to do.
- What?
- You have to stop the bloodletting.
We can't. We die.
- Yeah. but if she dies…?
- It's a catch-22.
We stop. we die. We keep going. we die.
To rocks and hard places.
Right.
Beats the hell out of a
bone marrow transplant.
Ha!
What?
Bingo!
What the fuck?
I didn't realize anyone was still here.
I thought we'd be all
packed up by now. but…
Sorry. I… I just got a little. behind.
So I can see.
So what do we have here?
I think my dad built a particle
accelerator out of old tvs.
Or he… he nearly did.
Looks like he overloaded the amplifier…
- Is it dangerous?
- What?
No. not for humans.
Just… wish I knew why
he built it in the first place.
I don't think the question
is why did he build it.
I think the question is why
would anybody build this?
But you don't have to understand him.
You just have to love him.
They teach you that
bullshit in orientation?
No. I wrote that bullshit for orientation.
Look. I can give you
until tomorrow morning.
But. you know. I've
got a showing at 10:00.
so I'm gonna need
you to get out of here…
Good job. dad.
What was I saying?
Nothing important.
God. I don't feel so well.
I think I'd better come back
tomorrow morning. if that's okay.
Sure thing.
I like your shoes.
- Thank you.
- There you go.
I know you.
I think you're confused.
My ass. I never forget a face.
I don't know you.
You're Edward's friend. You
came to visit. I remember.
Hey. no cuts.
Shut up. Gary. nobody likes a narc.
I swear. everybody in this
place is such a goody two-shoes.
At least Edward still
had some spit in his fire.
He used to escape all the time.
- Crazy old fucker.
- How'd he do that?
I don't know.
The duchess told him.
- The duchess?
- That's right.
She knows stuff.
I need to speak to her.
Hell no. She's a lady.
You're a template prick.
I'll be nice.
- I doubt that.
- Please.
I have to get out of here.
Fine. but you better behave.
Grab two pieces of that cake. Follow me.
Don't you eyeball me.
Gary. I'll roll over your dick.
Hello. pumpkin.
I brought cake… and an asshole.
Sam. meet the duchess.
- Hello.
- Ain't she grand?
Fifty-five years now.
we've been roommates.
Promise me. love kisses.
sweet love meant for me
who the hell are you?
- I'm...
- wait. I know you.
You're Edward's friend.
I never forget a face.
That's right. I'm Sam.
You told me that the duchess could
tell me how Edward escaped from here.
My brain did it again.
I'm not…
What I used to be.
None of us are.
If you want the duchess's help.
she'll need a cue.
A cue?
Sure. Something to
bring her back to herself.
For some of the folks
here. it's a bit of music.
Or maybe even a certain perfume.
And for the duchess?
A cigarette always does the trick.
A cigarette?
You get the duchess a smoke. and
she'll tell you what you need to know.
Warden Toby always
keeps a pack in his desk.
Promise me. love
kisses sweet love
meant for me yum. yum. yum. yum.
Respiration's steady.
All right. she's sedated.
Here we go.
This is a sample of mother's
blood. taken this morning.
Notice the advanced
cellular degradation. But…
After a small transfusion
of her kid's blood.
these same cells… I mean.
you can see for yourself.
What am I looking at?
Spontaneous cellular regeneration.
A miracle!
You did it.
Well. in theory.
We won't know for sure
until we run some more tests.
How long will that take?
Weeks?
Months?
We'll do the transfusion today.
No. we can't.
There are a lot of variables.
Dr. Mansour…?
This could work. but if
we're hasty. mother will die.
I'm sorry. It's… it's too risky.
And as for me and as for me.
I made my mind up
back in Chelsea when I go
I'm going like Elsie
…cabaret again!
Again!
Easy now. Ben.
Don't want you getting
everyone too excited.
I want to sing.
Sure thing. big guy.
What do you have in mind?
Any boss fans here?
Bruce!
Yeah. Bruce was my wife's favorite too.
Yeah. this one's for her.
Screen door slams. Mary's dress sways
like a vision she dances across the porch
as the radio plays
Roy orbison singing for the lonely
hey. that's me. and I want you only
don't turn me home again
I just can't face myself alone again
don't run back inside
darling. you know just what I'm here for
so you're scared. and you're
thinking that maybe we ain't that…
Show a little faith
there's magic in the night
you're no beauty. but you're all right
and that's all right with
me easy there. Ben.
You can hide 'neath your
covers and study your pain
make crosses from your
lovers throw roses in the rain
waste your summer praying in vain
for a savior to rise from these streets
well now. I'm no hero that's understood
all the redemption I can offer.
girl is beneath this dirty hood
with a chance to make it good somehow
hey. what else can we do now?
Except roll down the window
and let the wind blow back your hair
well. the night's busting open
these two lanes will take us anywhere
we got one last chance to make it real
…on some wheels
climb in back…
Please return to your rooms.
What are you doing? Move them!
What are you doing. Sammy?
Don't call me Sammy.
These clothes are kind of creepy.
but they are very comfortable.
Renee. we can talk on these
while you and Judy are inside.
They're closed loop.
meaning no one can listen in.
Art. you'll distract the guards
while I infiltrate security.
- Yeah. all right.
- Keep them confused.
I can do confusing.
Time to bust Sam out.
Hey.
Be careful.
Hello. Hi.
I was just driving past. and I think I
almost ran over one of your residents.
I seriously doubt that. son.
Damn it!
- How'd that happen?
- You were on your phone again.
Go and get him. you sack.
You know. you both might
want to go. He looks spry.
I'll cover things here.
Don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
Thank you. You're an angel.
Sir. come back!
We are in. baby.
I got 'em.
I know you. You're Edward's
friend. I never forget a face.
That's right. The duchess was
going to tell me how Edward escaped.
Well. to do that. she's gonna need…
A cue. Yeah. here you go.
My mind reset again. didn't it?
I'm afraid so.
Hello. pumpkin.
Hello. darling.
You have a visitor.
- His name is…
- Sam.
I know you.
No. I… I don't think so.
She told me all about you.
- Who?
- That's the question.
She appears different
to all of us who see her.
Always someone from our past.
like a daughter or a sister or…
Wife?
He… he thought he was seeing a ghost.
Well. what is she. then?
She doesn't know.
She doesn't even know her name.
The folks who drink
her blood call her mother.
- You can talk to her?
- Sure.
We got a lot in common.
We're both prisoners.
Me. in my mind.
Her. in her cage.
But she hears everything.
What does she want from me?
For you to save her.
She's running out of time.
She's been crying out to you for help.
even the damn birds could hear her.
But you're too stubborn to listen.
Why me?
Well. you weren't the first choice.
But up until now. the only people
that could hear her were like me.
Those of us lost in time.
We're not strong enough
to do what needs done.
But then you came along. The
loss of your wife split your mind.
That's how much you loved her.
You've got one foot
stuck here with us now.
and the other in the day she died.
Mother doesn't experience
time in a straight line either. Sam.
I don't care.
I won't save her. She… she killed Jack.
That was an accident.
She's in pain just like you.
You want to help your friends?
Save her.
The choice is yours.
Anger… or forgiveness.
Choose.
I just want to get out of here.
The 5:15 bus will take
you where you need to go.
Wait at the bus stop.
It'll be along.
What bus stop?
In the middle of town square.
Is it real?
Yeah.
There's all different kinds of real.
All clear.
Renee?
Sam's in room 157.
Room 157.
Odds.
Damn. this place has a definite vibe.
You here for the 5:15?
I guess so.
Now. don't worry.
It's never late.
43.
45.
What are you doing?
Blending in.
Here… push me.
Why do I have to push?
Fine. I'll push you.
Here. sit.
- Hey. This feels right.
- All set?
45… 47.
Be cool.
I'm always cool.
51.
Turn. Park. park!
Sam!
It's empty.
He's not in his room.
What do we do now?
- I'll call you back.
- Wait. wait. wait!
Hi. I'm here to sign my father out.
Right. Sorry. I don't think we can do that.
No. you're going to.
I'm just covering for a friend.
I'm sure if you come back later…
Absolutely not.
You're gonna go back
there and get my father.
or I'm gonna call the police.
Okay. look.
Around here. I am the police.
You heading out on vacation?
- Sure.
- Nice.
I'm waiting for my best friend.
I haven't seen Charlie in a dog's age.
but whenever we get together.
it's… it's like we were kids again.
Time's funny that way.
All the aches and pains disappear.
Like my nose.
I had to have another
carcinoma… help. Help me. Sam.
They're hurting me.
I'm running out of time.
There's the 5:15.
Right on time.
I'm sure Charlie will be on the next one.
Have a nice trip.
Sam! Sam!
Sam!
Over there!
Jesus.
Shit!
- We have to get through that door.
- Right.
- But we need a key card to do it.
How are we going to get a key card?
Renee. go with me.
- What did you do that for?
- Go with me.
Is everything okay over here?
My friend is having severe arm pains.
Do you need a nurse?
Yeah. I do. I need. a nurse
because I have severe arm pain.
- I'm on it. Wait here.
- Thank you. Okay.
Do it to yourself next time.
Come on.
Hey. boss.
Hello. Wally.
What's up?
Made some personnel changes.
You're going to be taking
over Dr. Mansour's duties.
What about Dr. Mansour?
He's lying dead at my feet.
I was hoping that maybe
that was a metaphor.
Afraid not.
So. starting tomorrow. you
are going to fatten the kids up.
You are going to increase the feedings.
squeeze the residents. and
prep mother for transfusion.
People will die.
Mother will die.
The suffering...
you don't know suffering.
My wife…
My wife does.
She was so young when
polio struck her down.
But she survived. barely.
but… her limbs were left withered.
She has suffered.
enough for a thousand lifetimes.
Yeah.
So you and I. Wally.
we… are gonna smile
while she drinks the joint dry.
Yep.
Good.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
I have an anniversary to prepare for.
Nice try. Sam.
But. no dice.
Did you hear her?
Tough day all around. Sam.
We both failed.
So let's start over?
What do you say? Hit that reset button.
Here's what I'm thinking.
I line up every kid in the rack.
No sedation this time.
I want you wide awake until
they drain every last drop of...
Sam!
Are you okay?
Did you hear her?
Who?
- She was in so much pain.
- Okay. come on. We gotta get you out.
Let's go.
You all right?
- Can you run?
- Yeah.
Okay.
I wouldn't call it a stack. but it's a start.
Hey. we got Sam. How
do we get out of this place?
There's a fire exit down
the hall to your right.
Found it.
We tripped an alarm. We're fucked.
What's going on?
Shit! They're going into lockdown.
- Get to the Van. We'll meet there.
- On my way.
Wait. where are you going?
I'm gonna call you back.
- Are we locked in?
- Seriously?!
No. No. shit. stop!
- No!
- Hey!
- I'm trying to talk to you!
- Hey. sorry. lady. I just quit.
- Hey!
- Come back!
Hey! Hey!
Excuse me. sir!
What are you doing calling?
You said we were being monitored.
Doesn't matter. Renee
and Judy found Sam.
Building's on lockdown.
Our ride just got booted.
- What?
- Sam?
- Told you not to park there.
- Cooper?
So my wife is trapped?
What's going on with my dad?
Wait. Sam Cooper's your dad?
- Yes!
- Hey!
- I asked you a question.
- We're all trapped.
Congrats. you're the new getaway driver.
Shit. My truck is in the cul-de-sac.
We're counting on you. man.
I demand to know what's
happening with my father!
What's going on is my
maybe-girlfriend and some of her friends
are trying to rescue
your dad from monsters.
and it's not going great.
I don't expect you to believe
me. but that's what's going on.
- Hey. stop!
- What now?
It's shatterproof glass.
Blunt force is not gonna do anything.
You've got to Pierce it.
Problem.
Who boots a security Van?
The boroughs.
My god. you've gotta be kidding!
The cavalry has arrived. Get in.
What about paz?
Claire. what are you doing here?
Saving you. Can't you tell?
Go! They're coming!
Shotgun!
- I'm sorry I didn't believe you.
- I wouldn't have believed me either.
Sorry. Catch the next one.
Adios. fuckers!
So what's the plan?
Now. we kill a monster.
No.
Now we save one.
Time to go.
So. this ain't the end
I saw you again today
I had to turn my heart away
smile like the sun kisses for everyone
and tales. it never fails
you lying so low in the weeds
I bet you wanna ambush me
you'd have me down down.
down. down on my knees
now wouldn't ya. barracuda?
Yeah
"sell me. sell you." the porpoise said
dive down deep now. deeper than you.
I think that you got the blues. too
all that night and all the next
swam without looking back
made for the western fools
silly. silly fools
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm